 BELIEVING in YOURSELF is the first secret to SUCCESS',
 ' Don\'t stop when you are TIRED stop when you are DONE',
 ' The best way to predict the future is to CREATE it. -Peter Drucke',
 ' Wake up with DETERMINATION.Go to bed with SATISFACTION',
 ' Your mind is a POWERFUL thing. When you fill it with POSITIVE THOUGHTS, your life will start to change',
 ' In order to SUCCEED you must first believe that you CAN',
 ' DO IT NOW. Sometimes later becomes never',
 ' WORK until your IDOLS become your RIVALS. -Drak',
 ' Work HARD, dream BIG',
 ' When you feel like QUITTING think about why you STARTED',
 ' Nothing worth having comes easy',
 ' You have to FIGHT THROUGH the bad days in order to earn THE BEST DAYS',
 ' HARD work beats talent when talent doesn\'t work hard. -Tim Notik',
 ' Stop wishing. Start DOING',
 ' You may not able to control every situation and its outcome, but you can control your attitude and how you deal with it',
 ' Do something today that your future self will thank you for',
 ' When you focus on problems,you will have more problems. When you focus on POSSIBILITIES,you will have more OPPORTUNITIES',
 ' A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. -Albert Einstei',
 ' Your only limit is you',
 ' To hell with circumstances. I create OPPORTUNITIES. -Bruce Le',
 ' When you want to SUCCEED as bad as you want to BREATHE, than you\'ll be SUCCESSFUL. -Eric Thoma',
 ' Don\'t worry about those who talk behind your back. They are behind you for a reason',
 ' Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow',
 ' You are CAPABLE of more than you know',
 ' You only fail when you stop TRYING',
 ' Start by doing what\'s necessary,then do what\'s possible,and suddenly you are doing the impossible',
 ' A river cuts trough a rock not because its power but its persistence',
 ' Mistakes are proof that you are TRYING',
 ' Fall seven time STAND UP eight',
 ' There is no elevator to success, you have to take the stairs',
 ' Stop waiting for things to happen, go out and MAKE THEM HAPPEN',
 ' You can\'t beat the person who NEVER GIVES UP',
 ' If you want something you never had, you have to do something you've never done',
 ' PUSH YOURSELF because no one else is going to do it for you',
 ' Build YOUR OWN DREAMS, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. -Farrah Gra',
 ' Today i will do what others wont so tomorrow i can do what OTHERS CAN\'T',
 ' Strive for PROGRESS not perfection',
 ' A year form now you will wish you HAD STARTED TODAY',
 ' STOP saying i wish. START saying I WILL',
 ' The tragedy in life doesn\'t lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. -Benjamin E. May',
 ' Aim for the MOON. If you miss, you may hit A STAR. -W.Clement Ston',
 ' A bird sitting on a tree is never afraid of the branch breaking, because her thrust is not on the branch but on it\'s own wings. Always BELIEVE in YOURSELF',
 ' If you can\'t stop thinking about it, don\'t stop WORKING for it',
 ' The struggle you\'re in today is developing the STRENGTH you NEED for TOMORROW',
 ' It\'s not about being the best. It\'s about being BETTER than you were yesterday',
 ' Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and start being positive about what could GO RIGHT',
 ' If you can\'t fly, than RUN, if you can\'t RUN, than WALK, if you can\'t walk, then CRAWL, but whatever you do you have to keep going forward',
 ' Seek RESPECT not attention. It lasts longer',
 ' Who are you to judge the life I live? I am not perfect and don\'t have to be! Before you start pointing fingers, make sure your hands are clean. -Bob Marle',
 ' I\'ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you MADE THEM FEEL. -Maya Angelo',
 ' Most of our problems are because we act without thinking or we keep thinking without ACTING',
 ' Don\'t raise your voice, IMPROVE your argument',
 ' Giving up on your goal because of one setback is like slashing your other three tires because you got one flat. NEVER give up',
 ' START where you ARE, USE what you HAVE, DO what you CAN',
 ' Good things come to those who WAIT. But better things come to those who WORK FOR IT',
 ' If you are waiting for the right time, let me tell you something... IT\'S NOW',
 ' Problems are not so stop signs, they are GUIDELINES. -Robert H. Schulle',
 ' Sometimes the easiest way to solve a problems is to stop participating in the problem',
 ' Problems are nothing but wake-up calls for CREATIVITY. -Gerhard Gschwantne',
 ' Don\'t count the days, make the days COUNT',
 ' If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. -Anonymou',
 ' Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. -John Woode',
 ' To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. -Anonymou',
 ' If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. -Jim Roh',
 ' Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it\'s safe or certain. -Anonymou',
 ' Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life-think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. -Swami Vivekanand',
 ' All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. -Walt Disne',
 ' Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. -Anonymou',
 ' If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got. -Anonymou',
 ' Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchil',
 ' Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly. -Prover',
 ' Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy. -Anonymou',
 ' Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them. -Vaibhav Sha',
 ' Opportunities don\'t happen, you create them. -Chris Grosse',
 ' Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. -Albert Einstei',
 ' Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. -Eleanor Roosevel',
 ' I have not failed. I\'ve just found 10,000 ways that won\'t work. -Thomas A. Ediso',
 ' If you don\'t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents-start charging for it. -Kim Gars',
 ' A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. -David Brinkle',
 ' No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevel',
 ' The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one\'s destiny to do, and then do it. -Henry For',
 ' If you\'re going through hell keep going. -Winston Churchil',
 ' The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do. -Anonymou',
 ' Don\'t raise your voice, improve your argument. -Anonymou',
 ' What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. -Oscar Wild',
 ' The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. -Anonymou',
 ' The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. -Bruce Feirstei',
 ' When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you. -Lolly Daska',
 ' I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams. -Oprah Winfre',
 ' No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist. -Anonymou',
 ' Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. -Nathaniel Hawthorn',
 ' If you can\'t explain it simply, you don\'t understand it well enough. -Albert Einstei',
 ' Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. -Anonymou',
 ' Do one thing every day that scares you. -Anonymou',
 ' What\'s the point of being alive if you don\'t at least try to do something remarkable. -Anonymou',
 ' Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -Lolly Daska',
 ' Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. -Anonymou',
 ' Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it. -Anonymou',
 ' Your problem isn\'t the problem. Your reaction is the problem. -Anonymou',
 ' You can do anything, but not everything. -Anonymou',
 ' Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -Steve Job',
 ' There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. -Ray Gofort',
 ' Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life. -A.P.J. Abdul Kala',
 ' I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. -Thomas Jefferso',
 ' The starting point of all achievement is desire. -Napoleon Hil',
 ' Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out. -Robert Collie',
 ' If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. -Thomas J. Watso',
 ' All progress takes place outside the comfort zone. -Michael John Boba',
 ' You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing. -Philippo',
 ' Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear-not absence of fear. -Mark Twai',
 ' Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. -Pablo Picass',
 ' People often say that motivation doesn\'t last. Well, neither does bathing-that\'s why we recommend it daily. -Zig Zigla',
 ' We become what we think about most of the time, and that\'s the strangest secret. -Earl Nightingal',
 ' The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. -Vidal Sassoo',
 ' Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. -Les Brow',
 ' I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing. -Martha Stewar',
 ' It\'s not what you look at that matters, it\'s what you see. -Anonymou',
 ' The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. -Colin R. Davi',
 ' The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. -Ralph Nade',
 ' Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. -Maya Angelo',
 ' As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. -Bill Gate',
 ' A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them. -Henry Kravi',
 ' The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. -Mark Cain',
 ' People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy. -Tony Robbin',
 ' When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. -Audre Lord',
 ' Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. -Mark Twai',
 ' The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. -Bruce Le',
 ' There is no traffic jam along the extra mile. -Roger Staubac',
 ' Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. -Dale Carnegi',
 ' If you don\'t design your own life plan, chances are you\'ll fall into someone else\'s plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. -Jim Roh',
 ' If you genuinely want something, don\'t wait for it-teach yourself to be impatient. -Gurbaksh Chaha',
 ' Don\'t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. -Robert Kiyosak',
 ' If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you! -T. Harv Eke',
 ' You can\'t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something-your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. -Steve Job',
 ' Two roads diverged in a wood and I took the one less traveled by, and that made all the difference. -Robert Fros',
 ' The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors. -Napoleon Hil',
 ' The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don\'t define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them. -Denis Waitle',
 ' In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it. -Jane Smile',
 ' Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. -George Bernard Sha',
 ' I don\'t want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well. -Diane Ackerma',
 ' You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them. -Michael Jorda',
 ' Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -Jim Ryu',
 ' People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. -Dale Carnegi',
 ' There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. -Ella Wheeler Wilco',
 ' Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don\'t really matter. -Francis Cha',
 ' You\'ve got to get up every morning with determination if you\'re going to go to bed with satisfaction. -George Lorime',
 ' A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at. - Bruce Le',
 ' Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others. -John C. Maxwel',
 ' Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it\'s always your choice. -Wayne Dye',
 ' To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe. -Anatole Fra